ok and that's a great leader died not
spending more than five minutes and one
question cuz I was just about the safe
word about 20 minutes 25 right now I
like to keep these about an hour out of
respect for my guests out of my own time
commitments and also just to make it
manageable for people when they want to
come in and watches are they want to
watch the replay later on so what I want
to do at this point is I'm gonna open up
a seat so people actually want to come
in and ask a question
live will take some question lies but
please you know let's be mindful of the
fact we got just about twenty minutes
left here and will give market chance in
a few minutes to answer what you're
saying but let's not have anybody
monopolizes so here we go
open up a seat here we don't have people
ok first person in here welcome welcome
and I mean a lot like it doesn't mean I
single advice you would give to anybody
trying to launch their costs now I'm
almost done with my cousin about lunch
so I just does the single by that you
know this is the most important thing
you need to do I would like to hear from
you
yeah well the first thing this is why I
always tell everybody but is get your
dying horse out like 99% of everyone who
buys in every good their courses now to
get your day but without so you know the
funny thing is everyone talk tactics and
strategy just be involved and passionate
and your students lives and focused on
this like any given moment of the time
post post on websites talk to people
help help people out and they will love
you my sweet about me all the time they
love people from his hey check out this
guy's course I don't have to do the work
they're doing it for me so if you can
just focus on your student and actually
creating the learning experience I think
that's going to do more to generate
sales than anything else than any magic
formula or how much about investing
Google Ads things like that
and I'll let other people have written
that but that's very good to great great
thanks for asking the question if you
want to exit the seat now so we can give
somebody else a chance to be great and
while we're ahead and what your
questions are are a dummy unlocked the
seat once again here and we can have the
next person come out and take a seat
that's not actually that hard on the
screen so what other questions you
people have been here is your chance to
talk about building the connection in
interacting one-on-one with people you
know here's your chance I gotta go ahead
to sit down and asked directly to mark
would you guys like to know it in the
meantime I will scroll through the
stream and see if we've got any
questions that we had yet gotten back to
answering some of us a little bit tricky
because not all the head tag them with
Hughes I'm having to read some of the
comments here to mark did answer a
question about the reasons behind his
first unique course he said around $500
ish although I think mark since you're
doing iOS I'm assuming that you had ya
gotta get $2,000 Mac you can do it on a
PC as well too but I do have this
microphone blue Yeti which when I first
time recording and it's not like trash I
was like no way I like guys like
held up I see it post all the time like
well maybe I can get by with this this
year's just invest in yourself I know
some of us are strapped for cash and I
didn't have much money but it was super
important blue Yeti microphone get a
good mic and good screen capture
software I use green flow for Mac would
have tested most of all of us and I
found one that I really like that was
very powerful but investing your
equipment I spent more than $200 have a
professional setup just record on your
face time and don't this
a cheap like headphone mic sound so
terrible and just didn't notice my first
two lectures like that and students
complained to me like this is terrible
you got so much better later on OK and
Jackie that question about whether you
to me is promoting yourself oh actually
here's a really good point that we
didn't explicitly address here is about
you to these promotions and whether
you're opted out so that's a question I
get asked a lot of times to like do I
turn off promotion as do i turn them on
well I had nothing nothing at all not
one student so I turned them all I don't
care if you give me fifty cents just
turn it on and I and I just did my work
as well to solve all of them on which
yes the reality is 90% of my coop might
start my cells are $10 cells you know
that's just the way it is and but in the
beginning
ninety percent of all the cells came
from him from my efforts so far post
things like that which increased my
rankings my reviews increased my
rankings I started getting more organics
and I'm at a point now where I can't
compete with Udinese cells because
they're all over the place and by the
way make a great course cuz I just got
on the iPhone the iPhone and Android out
about a week ago and my cells have
increased by 30% just by being on that
on that out so make sure you make
something that's really high quality so
you can put it on the mobile app that's
been I've been blown away I wish they
would have done that from the beginning
but they only do it
update because in-app purchases and
Apple doesn't allow digital cells
without taking a cut so anyway and right
now it's it's mostly mostly all you know
me i've been approached by a couple
other vendors while one right now it's a
process that also now selling my course
and by the way it's called stack social
you've heard of it or not
they they say they still love you mean
structures and $1 courses for you people
like that so but all my promotions are
on my strategy from here going out is is
really I'm just gonna focus on unity
platform get a new course out every to
every two months or so and based based
on my numbers and sells things I'm
anticipating a 30 percent increase per
month and a half or so so long as I
stick to that plan versus I could opt
out of all of you to me and focus like
Google advertising my website and things
like that but I'm going to embrace you
to me and and just be a part of it and
it's all that volume sells for them and
I believe that are like $10,000 and
other products that are way more
expensive if you can get like
world-class education for $10 whatever
you tell if I can use the business
models might manage not complain about
me getting those $10 coupon sorry this
affiliate link took my cell you know it
happens I'm just embracing it all and
and pushing forward getting courses out
to help people get more courses ok and
so awesome more specifically address a
pointed question is you to me promoting
your courses are you right now
yeah yeah I i me as as we speak I 15
notification that popped up from front
I'm not even doing their their cells
there there whatever they're doing right
now so they are promoting my party I
every single promotion turned on
affiliates everything ok and as far as I
guess the answer to the question do you
use a billion market is so he is signed
into the programs in you know folks just
by the way they when you want to talk
about the affiliates I know some people
get upset about affiliates and that's
not fair I don't think I percent of the
sale
you're looking in one of the affiliates
right now and when marks course goes up
goes up on my site and I've got the
links I put in there they're gonna be
wrapped in my affiliate links in you
know Mark knows that going into an
incident
that surgeons